Listen. Do you have any like, um, marriage advice?
Like I've been married for coming up on five years? I have a two year old.
My wife wants to have more children.
I just bought a new house living in a brand new house, in a new town. Well,
you got a.
Lot of things going on that are pressure points, right? It's.
Like living the American dream a little, little bit.
I'm very happy with my family. They're wonderful people. I love them, but like,
I wanna sustain this. I have a great thing.
I'd like to put my arms are in and keep like, God, this is so great.
I don't want it to, to go away.
Well, just that attitude alone, your, your awareness of how special it is,
you know, you are doing the thing that everybody thinks of.
When they think about like fulfillment in life,
you're really a child you're having children. Yeah. You're, you know,
you're engaged in this intense relationship with another human being.
We've created a person. All those things are, those are giant, man.
Those are giant.
And also you're engaged in an activity that 50% of the people fail <laugh> and
then they fail at it. goes down hard, man. It goes down hard.
It's screaming and swearing and lawyers.
Of all the levels of failure in life. Like there's nothing more, no failure,
more impactful than a divorce. I.
I've met. I, I mean,
I have so many friends that have been fired from jobs and it's not fun.
It's not good, but they bounce back. Yeah.
You bounce back. They.
The I've seen guys lose who they are from divorce.
I've seen it happen. Um, I've talked about this too many times,
but it is a true story.
I have a friend who has been divorced to a woman for 14 years.
He's been married to a new one for 12. He has family.
He has children with this new woman. It's over with the old one.
He still pays her every. And is that possible?
No children. Cuz he her so hard. She can't work.
<laugh> it's because it's crazy.
Cuz the laws are insane. The laws are insane. They don't make any sense.
We're not talking about a woman who is like 80 years old and can't work anymore
either. We're were talking about a completely, you know,
viable human being dude. It's bananas. It is.
Bananas for that to flip. Like you said, when, when back to like the,
I do thing, like when you say I do, there's never, I did have a buddy who,
when he said I do and they turned around, she looked mad and he looked scared.
<laugh> why was she mad? I probably that, that she, he didn't say it, right?
Yeah. He didn't say that. He didn't say it. Right. Well,
I just say that I wanna be like a movie.
And some people just don't they're not supposed to be together,
but they think they should be with somebody. Yeah.
So they find somebody and they talk that someone into doing something insane.
Yeah.
Like signing a legal contract that says you're gonna be together forever and I
until.
Death. But see like,
but my problem is a very lucky problem that I've got something that,
that at least in this like early years, this seems to be the right thing. Right.
<laugh> love you, honey. Love you.
Honey. Hope you ain't listening. Odd. She made it this far. What are we?
Two hours. And what? 30 minutes. Yeah.
She ain't she's she's she's got a two year old by herself at home. She ain't,
she.
Checked out. Love you babe. Long time ago.
But I like, you know, my challenge right now is I think about life. I'm like,
I got this wonderful, beautiful thing. Yeah. And I'm just distress.
Is that I'm gonna it up.
Well, that is um, always the stress.
And I think that's one of the reasons why a lot of marriages fail is because of
this intense pressure of the relationship, you know,
like there's a finality and, and I understand the need for this finality, right?
There's a need for this contract and that the everything locked down.
If you're a woman, you can't like you, when you're raising children,
you need help. Right. You need the man to be there to help if you raise it,
hopefully. Yeah. But you also need financial help. It's difficult. You know,
it's it's this is all,
it makes sense that there a woman would wanna lock things in. Yes.
Like that it makes sense. It's also a weird cultural tradition, right?
It's this weird thing that we have this law. Like we, we,
we bring the law involved relationships and it's, it's very strange,
like legal contracts. Yeah. And some of 'em are preposterous. Right?
<laugh> like sometimes you see a guy who looks like Rupert Murdoch. Right.
And he's got this banging wife and she's like 30 years old and she's got big.
Or how about Harvey Weinstein and his wife she's in it for the right reason.
And you're like, Hey son, I, I see what happened here. <laugh> but he sees.
It too. He can't believe of course he sees it too. It was his whole business.
When they say I do. They're like, well, okay, well this.
Is when you have a, where we are disgusting, Trudy type, you know,
just gelatinous looking job of the hut looking man and a,
a beautiful, hot young wife,
cuz the guy's got in cajillions that's a normal thing. And they're both enters.
Don't put up any pictures.
<Laugh> but they're both going those folks. There was,
were both going into that, knowing like, Hey look,
this isn't a traditional or pairing.
Or maybe he was really sweet with her and that's all she needs. Yeah.
Maybe she's just this rare soul that if he had $5 in his pocket,
she'd be super happy with him. Doubt. It could be doubt it.
I would doubt it as well. Doubt it as like a. I would doubt it. doubt it.
Um, it's a preposterous union in the first place. It's listen.
There's some relationships that you could define as legal prostitution.
They are absolutely legal prostitution.
A woman has made determination that she'll let this sloth shoot fluid into her
vagina. <laugh> on an intermittent basis.
If she could be bathed in diamonds and drive a Ferrari and live in a mansion and
this is a normal part of life.
Some people would say, and I might even say like,
as long as they're consenting and they're both aware that's going on then?
Well, that would be a good argument for prostitution as well though.
Wouldn't it? It's.
A bit of a transaction, I guess. I don't know. It's a transaction. Yeah.
I guess you transaction. Yeah. I guess when you look down at it, it's right.
That way I've.
Always said, why is it okay to give someone a massage? You give some massage,
but you can't, you can't even jerk 'em off. <laugh> like <laugh>,
it's not legal. That's weird. The government decides who can touch your penis.
And like if the, the massage therapist said, Hey,
I really enjoy giving you a massage.
Let's go somewhere afterwards of my own free will. And I'll jerk you off.
I'd be like, that'd be fine. That's fine. That's you're right.
You just can't do it. Right. Confines of the massage parlor.
It's a public health issue. I imagine if like,
if load smelled like gunshots and you were <laugh> you go to
massage power, it smells like a shooting range.
Like a is going on in this place. This is a dirty massage place. I am I'm.
Out pew, pew, pew.
<Laugh>
Imagine load, smell like sulfur Jesus. The devil's coming out. Boy.
The devil purify that man. Yeah.
I mean there's a lot of laws that are ridiculous, but there's,
there seems to be some someone here.
Is the marriage advice I'm looking for. <affirmative>.
I got it. Maybe it was what we were talking about earlier.
Maybe it's long form conversations, having long conversations with.
Each other, having long respect,
like respecting the fact that you can get through some of this stuff in a very
short time. I I've always said like,
I appreciate a nice road trip for that reason. Mm-hmm <affirmative> yeah.
Cause you can't.
Yeah. Hanging out with each other for long periods of.
Time. Yeah.
Like I'd much rather the stress of an airport with a kid and is not I'd much
rather just drive it mm-hmm <affirmative> and take the time cuz you get this
like connection. If you can get the phones outta the way. Yep.
For the passengers,
you just get this connection that you wouldn't get otherwise.
Yeah. Doing things together that are unique, that that helps, you know yeah.
Experiencing things together.
But also you also have to both have the mindset that you enjoy each other's
company. Yeah. And you wanna make it work good. Yeah.
I mean some people just don't man, and this is, I mean,
we've all seen that happen. Right? We've all seen relationships with the girls.
Just like check please. Yeah. And the guy's like, baby, I'm different, but.
It's a 50, like you said, it's a 50 50 thing.
So like you have been married for quite some time. And,
and we were talking about prior, when we were shooting our bows out there,
like you're, you know,
like there's things you've done to make it work like you like your wife and she
likes you and it works. And it's been working for a long time.
And like the percentages say that's that's what'd you say 50 50
is, is it's.
Chris rock had a great joke about it. You said he goes 50% of the people leave.
He goes, he goes, but how many cos just
Look, relationships don't always work. But here's the thing.
You don't always know who the you are. Yeah.
And I'm a different person than I was five years ago. Yeah.
I just am I'm I hope I'm a better person.
I'm trying very hard to be a better person. I certainly know more about myself.
I understand myself better. This is a long slow process.
I think we are all a work in progress. That's right.
And not everybody engages in this work. So you could be a,
a person who's on this path of, you know,
being present and, and trying to be kinder and trying to improve.
And then you have a spouse, male or female that just on you.
And I've seen that too, man. I've seen me too really brutal,
toxic relationships where they insult and,
and say rude things around your friends to try to with you and,
and people get into these, these relationships where they,
where they genuinely hate each other. Yeah. But.
They're stuck together. And what that does to children too. Cuz I, I,
I tell my dad, I wrote my dad this letter recently, this is getting real deep.
Our number three of the podcast, we get real deep or pro nuance. Um,
I, I sent it to my dad, but he won't listen to this,
but I wrote this letter that was like, listen man. Cause I,
I had seen recently like his developing relationship with my son and like
it shock it, it put this thought in my head that, you know,
my relationship with my had like his caring for me,
the fact that he stayed with my mom,
then they developed this like place for me to grow and nurtured me and allowed
me to become a person in that environment.
Like there was a north star for me when then I left that environment.
Like I always, I never wondered what my path was gonna be.
I always could look up and be like that bond that I developed in my family there
for me is like the thing that I'm always, you know, I'm looking back to,
but also looking forward to because that's what defines me.
And regardless of what I do, I can always fall back on that,
that my dad loves me. My mom loves me. I love them.
And I grew up like with this strength of soul because I knew I don't have,
I have friends that came from the same place that I,
I did same town I did in Maryland that OD'ed on heroin.
They lived in the same little suburb suburbia community that I did.
They had parents that were the same age. They went to the same high school.
They lived in the same environment. They went down one way.
I went down another and I truly do feel that that me going down that
way was, is the way my parents like built a structure around me.
That was always about that bond and that love and the things that they provide.
That's very, very fortunate. It was very.